feat: add support for `NamedTuple` and `TypedDict` types (#2216)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: docs/usage/types.md

`typing.Tuple`
: see [Typing Iterables](#typing-iterables) below for more detail on parsing and validation

> `subclass of typing.NamedTuple (or collections.namedtuple)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`typing.NamedTuple` (or `collections.namedtuple`)
```
again I think the "subclass of..." is implicit

: Same as `tuple` but instantiates with the given namedtuple.  
 _pydantic_ will validate the tuple if you use `typing.NamedTuple` since fields are annotated.  
  If you use `collections.namedtuple`, no validation will be done.

`typing.Dict`
: see [Typing Iterables](#typing-iterables) below for more detail on parsing and validation

> `subclass of typing.TypedDict`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`typing.TypedDict`
```
I think the subclass is implicit

Author: It used to be the case for me too but I now tend to disagree since we added the support of `enum.Enum` to have a valid enum instance. We could someday add `typing.TypedDict` just to have a valid `TypedDict` instance for example. WDYT?

Reviewer: I would still prefer to remove `subclass of` and instead be explicity when we mean the actual type, like `Enum`.

`typing.Tuple`
: see [Typing Iterables](#typing-iterables) below for more detail on parsing and validation

`subclass of typing.NamedTuple (or collections.namedtuple)`
: Same as `tuple` but instantiates with the given namedtuple.  
 _pydantic_ will validate the tuple if you use `typing.NamedTuple` since fields are annotated.  

>   If you use `collections.namedtuple`, no validation will be done.  

Reviewer: I think "no validation will be done" is misleading. I assumed it meant not validation at all will be done, e.g. the field would be equivalent to `Any`.

I think better to make `collections.namedtuple` a different item in this list and instead say "all fields will have type `Any`" or something.

```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

## Annotated Types

### NamedTuple

```py
{!.tmp_examples/annotated_types_named_tuple.py!}
```
_(This script is complete, it should run "as is")_

### TypedDict

!!! note
    This is a new feature of the python standard library as of python 3.8.
    Prior to python 3.8, it requires the [typing-extensions](https://pypi.org/project/typing-extensions/) package.
    But required and optional fields are properly differentiated only since python 3.9.

>     It is hence recommanded using [typing-extensions](https://pypi.org/project/typing-extensions/) with python 3.8 as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We therefore recommend using [typing-extensions](https://pypi.org/project/typing-extensions/) with python 3.8 as well.
```
